Today is 29 April, 2025. I had my IT lab exam yesterday. I had planned to make a timetable for study holiday days, and plan out a schedule for exam preparation to be done before the maths exam on 7 May, but I didn't get any of that done yesterday. Today, I didn't get anything done, and couldn't focus on anything because of the obnoxious sound from the construction. While that's certainly a factor, I can't help but wonder if it's partly also an excuse for me to not do any work. As time goes on, it becomes more and more unforgivable for me to procrastinate. What I had planned before was to have a set timetable so that I have time to play Dark Souls, and watch TV shows, all I want, while still getting a good amount of work done every day. Setting aside the practical difficulties of such a schedule (That feeling to play a game after breakfast, which I developed around the time I was playing Elden Ring), I believe it would be a massive step towards being productive on days when I don't have college. I'm not productive on college days either, so implementing a proper timetable system would increase productivity across the board and ultimately make me mentally and physically healthier and happier. 

As I type this out, I can't help but notice how much easier it is for me to put my thoughts down in bytes rather than in print. Why don't I write all my diary entries in Obsidian, further consolidating my headspace and getting consistent typing practice daily? I think it would also reduce the resistance/friction, both in the starting and progressing phases of action. However, there may be some pitfalls - for one, the near-instant regurgitation of thoughts enabled by typing may discourage the more thoughtful, summary-like style that I have used in physical diary entries so far. Also, it would detract from the [ritualism][Rituals (to write)] of journaling. And of course, I've already filled a good portion of my physical diary up so far, and it would be a shame to abandon this hallmark project of 2025. So maybe in the future.
`Another thought, I could perhaps transcribe my diary entries to Obsidian, maintaining the best of both worlds.`

