A greatsaber of dark light, constructed from the pieces of the original Darksaber long after its destruction by Mandalore the Uniter, to put an end to the brutal wars of succession that plagued the Mandalorian people. Under this system, one half of the greatsaber would be held by the main claimant to the title of Mandalore, while the other would be held by the next-in-line, or the alternate claimant (Mandalar, lesser Mandalore). Before the Great War, the halves were held by the Vizsla heirs Elle and Vyke. Following the death of Vyke Vizsla in the aftermath of the Kyralian rebellion, the Darth Cronus granted possession of his half to House Djarin, amid heated opposition from the other Mandalorian houses.
*****
The first half was passed down from Elle to her son Val Vizsla, Mandalore the Returned. Its counterpart was held by Din Altan, from his time on Mandalore till his capture of Concordia.  
*****
Towards the end of the Great Wars, Exodus commanded the Golden Spear Arcturus to capture the moon for the dying Imperium, now an empire only in name. Arcturus executed Altan, claiming the Concordian seat for himself by virtue of his descent and possession of the Greatsaber half. This claim, however, was short-lived, as the Mandalorian houses were roused into sieging the heavily defended moon. Despite remarkable resistance from the Golden Fleet and the mainly Tetan forces, Arcturus' host was eventually crushed with the arrival of the Iron Hand Orthus from nearby Khoros, who defeated him in battle and allowed the Returned to unite the blade, and by extension the Mandalorians, once more.
*****
> "I admire the dedication of your forces, Altan. I heard they fought the defenders to the bitter end, till all but thirty of them remained. I have come to the conclusion that the loyalty of one's allies comes from convincing them of your power, not just the power to lead, but the will to make brutal decisions. Any one of your host could have abandoned their cause when faced with the ironclad defense of the Vizslas, but your men were in too deep, and who would balk at the command of the great Mandalar?"
