New Meluha in the 2300s BBK was a stagnant civilization, the progenitor of many of the dominant cultures in the galaxy, but weak in its influence, its reach stymied by the hegemony of the Sith Empire and on the verge of collapse by civil war. Then Lady Kyralia emerged to restore order and reinstate the Old Religion, declaring herself the first God-Emperor. 
*** 
In the centuries to follow, her line of the Sun and Moon were venerated as living gods, and the champions of the other great houses were hailed as demigods in their own right, granted grace by the Emperor to conquer the Outer Rim planets, not just to rule them, but to raise them up to the level of the Core Worlds. This era was hailed as the Age of Gods, and saw a period of cultural exchange between the High Sith and Kyralia. The order of Kyralian Knights, in black and gold, was established in this time.
***
Though this newfound might was resented by the Sith and the Presidency, they grew to accept these demigods as rightful rulers of the Outer Rim, but were increasingly alarmed by the Kyralian incursion into the ancient territories of the Mid Rim, supported by the local rulers belonging to the Kyralian diaspora. However, they would go unchallenged till much later.
***
In the 860s BBK, the Greatest of the Demigods undertook a holy conquest at the head of a great fleet. He had heard rumors of the legendary tribe of the Asuras, long thought to be vanished, flourishing in the Inner Core. He hoped the history they shared with the Asuras would help their Empire gain a foothold in the Inner Worlds. He couldn't have been more wrong, as the Asuras detested the very concept of godhood. At Concordia, the Kyralian fleet was decimated, and the nameless demigod slain.
In the wake of the shocking defeat, the Emperor called what was left of the crusade back, and the subsequent retreat marked the end of Kyralian expansion. Nonetheless, the Outer Rim continued to flourish, and the Kyralian Heartlands shrugged off their reputation as the backwaters of the galaxy, becoming industrial and economic powerhouses matching the Core Worlds.
***
The 400s BBK saw the decline of the Age of Gods, and the once-proud Kyralian houses lost their divine sheen. Worst of all, the effects of the Somras on the Divine Lineage began to wane, shortening the lifespans and weakening the abilities of the God-Kings through what is now known to be the Curse of Kali. This decay is said to be what led Kervell to call forth a second crusade in a desperate attempt to show the Galaxy that Kyralia was still a force to be reckoned with.
***
