Empathy can be broadly described as the ability to understand and share someone else's feelings as if they were our own. This is in contrast to sympathy, where one's feelings go only so far as to feel pity for the other person's situation. In this essay, I will be writing about an instance of empathy portrayed by the character Atticus Finch in the novel To Kill a Mockingbird, written by the American author Harper Lee and set in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama during the Great Depression of the early 1930s.

Atticus Finch is the moral centre of the story, and serves to teach his children the importance of empathy, through his exposition as well as his treatment of those who suffer prejudice. He is a lawyer representing an black man charged with the assaulting a white girl, in a time period and setting where African-Americans were seen as subhuman. Atticus is committed to justice and is determined to give Tom a fair trial, even though the court system is heavily biased against him, because he believes in the equality that the institution of the court represents. 

Despite knowing that defending Tom Robinson will make him unpopular in the county, he accepts the case knowing that it is the morally right thing to do. He empathizes with Tom's position as not just a defendant, but a human being unfairly targeted by a racist society. In contrast with the prosecution, he treats Tom with the dignity and respect he deserves. Over the course of the book, Atticus uncovers evidence that Tom is a scapegoat, being unfairly prosecuted to paint his already marginalized community in a negative colour.

Throughout the novel, Atticus teaches his children Jem and Scout the importance of empathy, not just towards his defendant, but towards the people of the county who insult him for taking up the case, urging Scout to understand the mindset behind those who act out of hatred rather than compassion. He teaches his children that empathizing with others requires seeing the world from their perspective, and mutual understanding is the only path towards change in prejudicial attitudes. 

