Emotional intelligence, or EI in short, can be described as the ability to understand and manage our emotions in a personal and social context. Much of the early work on the topic was done by the psychologist Daniel Goleman, who first used the term Emotional Intelligence in his 1995 book of the same name. He broke it down into five key components, which are Self-Awareness, Self-Regulation, Motivation, Empathy, and Social Skills. Sometimes, the term EQ or Emotional Quotient is used in a way analogous to IQ in the context of conventional intelligence, here signifying an indicator of interpersonal intelligence. 

I'll try to explain the concept of EI with an anecdote from my 12th grade, when we were assigned a group project to take a chapter from our English textbook as a seminar. As no one else was willing, I decided to take up the de facto position of group leader. The work for the project involved making slides describing the story of the chapter, and presenting the slides in front of our class. I tried to assign our roles in accordance with the strengths of our group members, and everything was fine till the morning of the day that we had to do the presentation, when one of my friends who was supposed to present some of the slides started acting all moody and kind of cocky. 
I sensed that something was off and confronted him in the morning interval, asking him if something was wrong. He admitted that he was suffering from stage fright, since he had never spoken in front of a crowd before. This surprised me since he was usually an extrovert. However, I knew this wasn't the time to bring that up, since that would only shatter his confidence further. I told him to pretend as if he is just casually talking about the subject at hand to a group of friends, since that is usually the strategy which I use. This seemed to help him calm down, and when it came time to present, he was able to speak without too much trouble.

I feel like when I prioritized understanding my friend's situation over blaming him for his attitude, we were able to complete the project successfully while strengthening our mutual respect. As there are always times when we have to collaborate with others, the cultivation of EI is always necessary to unlock our collective potential.