As part of the UCHUT128 - Life Skills & Professional Communication course, we had the opportunity to take part in many activities as a group, with the goal of developing various real-life skills needed for academic, professional and day-to-day life. 
We were able to develop collaboration and team discussion skills through the role storming, 6 thinking hats, and meeting minutes exercises, which proved to be fun and thought-provoking. 
We had several activities that required self-awareness and introspection, namely the self-reflection report based on a personality test, and the essays on an Instance of Empathy and Emotional Intelligence respectively. The latter two were also incorporated into a public speaking session, which motivated each of us to overcome our stage fright and speak confidently in front of our class. 
During the course, our networking skills were greatly boosted by activities which required us to make use of the LinkedIn platform to build a profile and connect with industry professionals. We were familiarized to using online tools such as LinkedIn in this way.
Throughout the course, we were also able to improve our command of the English language through various sessions and activities.
One of the most important lessons we learned was the importance of time management, which was introduced to us through the Gantt Chart framework. We had to put this skill to use in order to schedule and manage all the assignments and projects put before us.
Overall, we had several beneficial takeaways from this course, which certainly had a huge impact on our speaking, networking, and digital literacy and time management skills.