I took the 16 personalities (Myers-Briggs Type Indicator/MBTI) test and found my personality type to be the Architect. According to 16personalities.com, the Architect is a personality type with the Introverted, Intuitive, Thinking and Judging traits. 

Going into this test, I did expect to end up with this type, but only because I've attempted this assessment twice before over the span of a few years. The first time, I got Logician, and the second time, I got Architect, same as this time. I think this goes to show that the results of this test can vary from time to time for a person, since deviations in the answers for each personal question can skew the outcome of the assessment. The nature of the user's answers can change with the situation they're facing in life, or even with the minute day-to-day fluctuations in mood that we all face. Moreover, in my opinion, the personality traits and other characteristics inferred from the test answers are only passable as a rough estimate of one's own view of oneself. This is backed up by the varying opinions of scholars on the MBTI assessment, which turns out to be controversial as far as its effectiveness is concerned. Even so, I believe that the Myers-Briggs test is interesting as an exercise in self-reflection, and that is the topic of this essay after all.

The main insights that the report claims to provide pertain to personality traits, career path, personal growth, and relationships. Among the takeaways listed in the results, I found a few that especially resonated with me. Among the personality traits of the Architect archetype, some of the main philosophies are the improvement of systems and ideas, and a strategic mindset, which I find reflects my personal work ethic well - I believe in long-term consistent effort, and like to optimize my daily routines and workflow. The career path prediction does align with my chosen field of technology, being a domain that allows me to utilize strategic thinking and problem-solving skills. The section for personal growth indicates the characteristic seeking of knowledge driven by my internal desire for mastery and self-improvement. As far as relationships go, I found myself agreeing wholeheartedly with the traits listed in that section - I deeply value depth, authenticity and emotional connection in relationships, and my loyalty and commitment runs deep, though I may not show it outwardly at times.

The dominant strengths of the Architect are analytical skills, strategic vision, rational thinking, and efficiency. However, these virtues come hand in hand with some deficiencies, that come as a result of the various traits listed above. A dislike for office politics and a preference for working alone could hinder my journey on the corporate ladder. On a related note, my direct style of communication can be perceived by some as harsh, so I need to take care to sugarcoat my words when necessary. 
One of the main qualities of the architect can also be our biggest weakness, namely, perfectionism. The tireless pursuits of high standards, while admirable, can slow progress and frustrate others who just want to get the job done.

To summarize, I can definitely say that I've gathered many valuable observations from the MBTI assessment, though the particular separation into 16 supposedly distinct Jungian archetypes is to be taken with a grain of salt. I can see some of my habits and traits reflected in the character of the Architect, and can confidently say that this introspection will help me improve as a person.