## To do

- [x] Do Maths W4 assignment
- [x] Do Python 
- [ ] find belt
- [ ] wash clothes
- [ ] Make backup for minecraft server before starting it in the morning
- [ ] Make new timetable in Excel
- [ ] Copy down notes to Obsidian

*** 
### Thoughts

From the IIT mail:
> we advise you to please do not wait till the last minute to submit the assignment. Because of concurrent load on the server or bad internet connection etc. You may miss submitting and your effort will be wasted. Submit through the week as you solve questions. And ensure to make the final submission before 10pm or 22:00 hrs IST on day of deadline.

I think this is a good enough reason to complete work early.
***
Since I have Linear Algebra for IIT Maths-2, now is probably the best time to continue watching those MIT lectures.
*** 
#### Journal

`6:28` Last night I went to bed without the AC, and with the fan at 4. #sleep I don't know why I didn't think of this earlier, because I was actually able to get up from bed this morning.
`7:28` Got the Maths-W4 assignment done -- it was fairly fun, but some questions seem unreasonably hard. I still can't get my head around those questions which specify spaces using a condition, like a+b=c+d.
`17:25` We had a long DSA class in the morning, in which Soni sir taught us about big O notation and time complexity. It was actually very fun. Later, we learnt that the guy is actually also a Manifold teacher -- Jerome was joking about that before, and Ayush confirmed that when he noticed the voice in the sample videos on the app match up with the real one. This is further backed up by what we saw of sir's phone during the class, which appeared to be the Manifold video. Speaking of Manifold, Jerome registered for that today. I'm not sure what to do about it, I might just go for the subject-wise courses on the app.
We were let off around 14:00, and I gooned vigorously before getting in the bathroom. I ate rice with mango curry and cutlets, followed by 2 jalebis. Afterwards, I did some random stuff on my laptop -- I've just been trying to beat Malenia and she is way harder even than I remember. I have to complete the Python W4 stuff today, so I'll get started on that.
`23:00` I had to stay up this late to do that IIT stuff -- I've been at it since around 18:30, and it was much harder than I expected. It was so frustrating that I had to use LLMs to do some of my work. However, I do feel somewhat rewarded. I guess I'll go to sleep now.
***
***
next: [[030725-Thu]]