## To do

- [ ] *What should I do today?*

*** 
### Thoughts

*What did I think about today?*

*** 
#### Journal

`20:35` I got up around 8:00 from the 7:35 alarm I had set last night, and went to college. We had Dileesh and Soni sir's classes -- Soni sir's class moved at a blisteringly fast pace, the guy seems to be in a hurry to get the topic done even though it's the hardest thing we've hard to wrap our heads around so far in the course. I'll definitely have to study it again from some other place, probably Manifold. Speaking of GATE coaching, some institute was supposed to be taking a session after the lunch break. However, seeing as there weren't any classes scheduled for after the lunch break and I didn't bring lunch anyway, I decided to skip that and went home at 12:00. Turned out to be a good call because it doesn't seem like it was anything too special. After I got home, I got a message in the Srishti group about a 16:30 meeting at the Ideator club. The other team members went but I didn't feel like hauling my ass right back to college. I guess it was convenient for Gabriel and Abhiram since they had to stay back for their batch-1 lab anyway, and ofc Nevin wouldn't miss this chance. I hope I didn't miss too much but I don't regret staying home anyway. I finished _The Hedge Knight_ -- a thoroughly campy, enjoyable story that I have to say is my favorite out of GRRM's works so far, benefitting enormously from the previously expanded canon to deliver a beautiful little story.
I spent some time with the family. I'm going to register for some Manifold stuff tomorrow.
Also, there probably won't be any class tomorrow due to a KSU strike, so I'll be at home and start up the minecraft server.

***
***
next: [[040725-Fri]]