## To do

- [ ] *What should I do today?

***
### Thoughts

The submission for W9 has been extended to Friday, so that nicely frees up time for me to do Economics.

***
#### Journal

`20:42` I woke at 08:10 and stayed in bed for ~20 minutes scrolling. Sleep was of pretty poor quality since I had eaten too early before going to sleep last night, which resulted in gastritis and a headache by the time I woke up. I also had to wake up in the middle of the night to piss. I had 5 dosas for breakfast. I checked Amazon and to my dismay, the discount on the Ult wear is less now than it was yesterday. To make matters worse, Acche told me he wasn't willing to enable online purchases for the SBI credit card, so that discount is gone too. I guess I have to either wait for another discount or buy the XM4s. 
I sat stressed for the IIT exam, intermittently shitting, scrolling and gooning. I had a bit of eye strain during the exam, but it went about as well as I could expect for not having prepared much at all. Afterwards I ordered porottas, ghee rice and chicken curry from Akshaya, to be met with one of the worst Zomato orders I've ever had. I should've remembered how horrible their ghee rice is, and that their chicken curry is pretty cheap tasting. The porottas weren't that great either, and the gobi 65 that Deva begged for was nasty. On top of that, I spilled the milk all over the fridge and floor when I took it out, so Amma shouted at me for that. I had to help Acche clean the dining room fridge, and we took the opportunity to finally clear out the expired goods from the top shelf, which gave me some measure of satisfaction.
Afterwards, I went upstairs and played minecraft. No one was on, so I went on MMC and played while listening to the fantastic Game of Thrones histories and lore, narrated by the cast of the show. After that I gooned.
***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|###       |
`satisfaction|######    |
`sleepquality|####      |
`   sleeptime|######### |
`       goons|####      |
`  screentime|#####     |

***
next: [[obsidian/dailynotes_2025/040825-Mon]]