## To do

- [ ] *What should I do today?

***
### Thoughts

I think I slept in this morning because there wasn't really anything urgent for me to get done. This is not a good habit to get into, because that just means I will come to associate getting up with early with being stressed. I should train myself to get up early regardless of the occasion.

***
#### Journal

`20:13` My alarm rang at 06:00 as usual, but I couldn't bring myself to get out of bed for some reason, so I slept in till 07:30. I went to college in the midst of heavy rain -- I saw Cheroor road start to get flooded like back in 2018 on the way there. 
I thought the OOP class would be in the seminar hall once more, so I climbed all the way up only to find the room locked. Then I had to go all the way to the annexe block, and reached there ~09:15. In OOP we took inner classes. The next two periods were TOC, in which Soni sir finished off NFAs and started regex (my beloved😘). In lunch break, I stayed in the classroom and wrote the textual portion of the DELD fair record's exp2 from Nevin. In DELD class, Dileesh sir covered the numeric representations of negative numbers (signed, 1's complement, and 2's complement). Next was Maths, which was underwhelming as usual. We waited for a few minutes after that period but Soni sir didn't seem to be on his way, so we let ourselves off. 
I ate 2 chicken cutlets and a cold mixed fruit juice from the canteen. The cutlets are excellent, and I should buy some for the family some time.
At home, I found my Ult Wear headphones delivered. I took my bath before trying them on. Out of the box, the EQ was horribly muddy, but after some tuning it's quite enjoyable -- and I will tune it further in the future to be sure. The comfort is excellent, but it does get hot after a few minutes of use, which means I'll have to put the AC on or "pre-cool" it with the AC. Speaking of the AC, I do need to get the dust filter on that cleaned. 
Amma had made chicken curry, so we ate that with pathiri and some half-cooked naan that turned out pretty damn good. 
I washed my outside clothes. 
In the evening, I started to get worried about how much work I had to do (DELD record as well as Economics project) but my fears were dispelled when I heard that the collector had declared tomorrow a holiday.

***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|########  |
`satisfaction|####      |
`sleepquality|#######   |
`   sleeptime|######### |
`       goons|##        |
`  screentime|######    |

***
next: [[060825-Wed]]