
## To do

- [x] Economics project
- [ ] DELD fair record
- [ ] DELD rough record

***
### Thoughts

I feel like my journal entries are becoming homogenous and uninspired. Maybe I should merge this Thoughts section with the Journal, since I've been feeling like the Thoughts section is redundant for a while anyway.

***
#### Journal

`13:41` I ended up getting out of bed ~09:00, not having set an alarm last night. I spent my time aimlessly  downstairs till breakfast, when I had 4 dosas with masala while reading Sunrise at the Reaping. After that I went upstairs and gooned. Later, I organized the packaging of my electronic gadgets and old books while listening to music on my new headphones, which I must say are actually very comfortable, even more so without any music playing. 
I really need to get the economics project draft done, and write it up after lunch. For now, I'll join the OOP online class and do the draft while that's going on ig.
`22:21` It was around 15:30 by the time I got out of the bathroom. After lunch, I spent two hours doomscrolling. Around 18:30, I realized how much work I had to do and got to copying down the economics project. Halfway through, I took a break and ate അവിയൽ, bread, and Cerelac. Then I got back to writing and finished ~10 minutes ago at 22:10. Now I need to go to sleep and write my DELD fair record tomorrow morning.

***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|######    |
`satisfaction|#######   |
`sleepquality|########  |
`   sleeptime|######### |
`       goons|##        |
`  screentime|#####     |

***
next: [[070825-Thu]]