## To do

- [ ] make portions note 

***
### Thoughts

Maths portions -- till taken today (distributions)

***
#### Journal

`18:20` I got out of bed ~06:50 and hastily wrote the DELD fair record. At college, the first period was Dileesh sir's DELD -- a continuation of 1's complement and 2's complement subtraction. Then there were two periods of maths, in which sir covered the Bernoulli, Binomial, Poisson and Geometric distributions in a hurry. 
In lunch break, I went with Jerome to submit the economics project, then to the canteen to eat lunch. I had biriyani, a pazhampori and mango juice. #unique I accidentally left my phone on the counter for a second before a kind stranger brought it to my attention. After eating, I realized I only had 15 minutes left in the lunch break and rushed to class to write my DELD rough record. I just wrote the bare essentials and went to lab. We had to sit according to role numbers, so I was back with Shobin. That turned out to be advantageous, because our existing chemistry allowed ur to go through the circuits faster than I could have done with Jiyad. We had a whopping 12 circuits to do in 3 hours, which we somehow managed. Thank goodness it was TAs doing the grading and not that teacher -- they're more lenient and since there are more of them, you don't have to go bug them after reach experiment just to get them to show up. 
It was 16:00 by the time I left the lab, and I walked to the buses with Madhav. Had to turn towards the end because the buses were leaving early. 
`21:12` I did the Python W9 PA and 3 GrPAs. Since it's recursion, I couldn't really do it at first, but I'm proud of myself for figuring out a problem on the Collatz function all by myself. 

***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|#######   |
`satisfaction|#######   |
`sleepquality|#######   |
`   sleeptime|#######   |
`       goons|#         |
`  screentime|######    |

***
next: [[080825-Fri]]