[Madonna -- Hung Up](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=20OGm_-RebE&si=xiojcjZu-JL1tqWB)
***
## To do

- [ ] do fast transpose array for lab
- [ ] start writing dsa fair record

***
### Thoughts


> [!quote] #quote
> It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
> ~ Aristotle, misattributed


***
#### Journal

I woke up late ~07:30 and stayed in bed scrolling till 08:00. At college, the first two periods were DSA, in which Soni sir covered counting sort and Radix sort. After that we had DELD, with a continuation of the floating-point system. The last period was OOP, which was unremarkable as usual. Jerome invited me for a coffee at hug a mug, which I had forgotten about yesterday. Turns out it was his birthday yesterday. Anyway, I ordered two chicken rolls for myself and we had cold coffee shakes. 
Ayush and Devanandan were at the bus stop to go home, so I was obliged to wait there wtih them. The bus was kind of crowded but not too bad. 
At home, I took my bath and sat downstairs scrolling on instagram. Amma bought puffs without my knowledge, and she let me take a bite. It was wonderfully hot and fresh. I haven't eaten anything else since, and I've been up here.
`21:07` I ate aviyal and 3 laddoos, and went upstairs. I decided to take a look at linked lists so I could continue Leetcode, but Karan joined minecraft halfway through the video so I joined as well, and we beat the wither together, dying many times in the funniest ways.

***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|########  |
`satisfaction|######    |
`sleepquality|########  |
`   sleeptime|######### |
`       goons|##        |
`  screentime|#####     |

***
next: [[090825-Sat]]