## To do

- [ ] make assignments table
- [ ] fold clothes to prevent theft
- [ ] look at list rotation
- [ ] use callouts
- [ ] do DSA till the day before yesterday's portion

*** 
### Thoughts

I should maybe stop gooning. #selfimprovement

*** 
#### Journal

`20:09` I woke up around 8:00 and it was off to a rocky start with Amma, as I disturbed her while she was making breakfast for Acche during my morning water ritual. She continued to be in a bad mood for most of the day, probably because Acche didn't come back from the hospital till 16:00. Anyway, I didn't do anything of much significance till 15:00 when I installed a backup plugin for the minecraft server. For a moment there, I thought the world had been regenerated, but it turned out fine. I made preparations to go netherite mining; it'll be really cool if I end up getting netherite gear before Aravind does, since he's been ahead of me in progression so far. 
Amma made noodles, and was prickly even afterwards. It was good noodles though.
Amma asked in passing if I had gotten a cake or anything of the sort to celebrate their wedding anniversary, so I ordered one. I think Amma thinks I had ordered it all along and was hiding it lmao. It was a red vancho cake. Pretty good, but slightly old in my judgment. 
I have a whole week of Python to complete. Let me get on that right now.
`23:29` I've been locked in the last hour and a half doing W5 Python, and I got two GrPas done out of five. That should be enough to meet this week's qualifying requirement for OPPE2, and even if it doesn't, it doesn't matter *too* much since it's the best of OPPE1 and OPPE2's score that's considered in the final grade anyway. So with that out of the way, I'm going to go to bed. I hope I feel more productive tomorrow than I did today. Whether or not I get any actual work done, I'd like to get started on coding that linking project for Obsidian. Maybe I should do the renaming one first instead, to get familiar with the `pathlib` module.

***
next: [[100725-Thu]]