## To do
- [ ] *What should I do today?*
***
### Thoughts
*What did I think about today?*
***
#### Journal
`22:44` I woke up satisfied at my 07:15 alarm, but the bed felt so inviting and comfortable that I decided to sleep in another hour and a half or so.
We had an OOP online class from 11:00 to 12:00 -- not engaging, as usual. 
I was beginning to relax and go downstairs to get my oil done when I discovered Dileesh sir was taking a class, around 13:15. Thankfully, He hadn't gotten started yet, and there were only like 25 people in there anyway. The class was on Verilog.
I introduced Royce to Obsidian and Polytopia.
Quite unusually, Samved messaged me yesterday on Instagram, from his second account. We've started sharing reels with each other now. He called around 18:30 before Acche came home, and we talked for a while. Apparently, the guy has got Type-2 Diabetes now, with a risk of COPD. Well, I can't say I didn't see this type of thing coming.
Amma made french fries, and for once, it was actually satisfying, and pretty damn good at that. I found the trick is to drink as much water as possible between batches.
I also reinstalled the Instagram app, now that the holidays are almost over.
Oh, and I almost forgot; I don't have class tomorrow. An electrical lab staff member passed away, so classes are suspended tomorrow.
***
##### Metrics
`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|########  |
`satisfaction|#######   |
`sleepquality|##########|
`   sleeptime|######### |
`       goons|#         |
`  screentime|######### |
***
next: [[100925-Wed]]