## To do
- [ ] *What should I do today?*
***
### Thoughts
*What did I think about today?*
***
#### Journal
`21:39` I woke up late, having a long sleep to make up for the sleep debt I accumulated over the past two days. That also meant I wasn't able to do any work in the morning, but I think that's a worthy sacrifice.
At college, we had maths in the first two periods, and for once, I didn't get bored for the most part, and listened well. We were taught the Markov and Chebyshev inequalities, along with a few other theorems that were mostly easy to understand. 
After that, we didn't have the scheduled OOP period, so I played CR with Royce and Jerome. I played against Royce with Logbait while he used 2.6 on me, and I ended up winning. Then Jerome and I sat through the lunch break writing our records. After that, we walked to the canteen to eat some snacks. I got this weird mango juice that turned out to have actual mango chunks in it. For some reason, it really turned me off and was an unpleasant shock. #unique 
DSA lab was rather boring. I only got one experiment done, and it seems there will be even more than 37 in total. The electricity went off halfway through, but that's alright, because the lab is usually too cold anyway. My phone's charge was running really low, but somehow it didn't die on me. I joked around with Royce in the group chat throughout the second half of the lab period.
Walked to the college bus with Joseph and took it home. It was less crowded than usual, with no one having to stand up. 
At home, I had the dry chicken preparation Amma made, with pathiri.
Since then, I have been doing absolutely nothing productive, despite having a shit ton of work to do. I really can't afford one more long sleep, but I think I will anyway.
***
##### Metrics
`|⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀scale|1234567890|
`|⠀⠀⠀happiness|######### |
`|satisfaction|####      |
`|sleepquality|######### |
`|⠀⠀⠀sleeptime|######### |
`|⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀goons|##        |
`|⠀⠀screentime|######### |
***
next: [[101025-Fri]]