## To do

- [ ] *What should I do today?

***
### Thoughts

There's no mistaking the signs of fat gain and insulin resistance -- the pimples I burst are horribly sore and form thin scabs.

***
#### Journal

`08:16` My alarm was set for 06:15, but I woke prematurely around 05:20 feeling warm. Since my sleep wasn't done, I decided to drift back off and stayed in a half-awake state till my alarm rang. Then instead of getting up, I went right back to sleep till my second alarm rang at 07:45 and lay 15 minutes more scrolling till getting out of bed.
***
`18:06` The car was parked at the junction in front of the "shopping complex", because of the ongoing road work. I arrived at college a bit late, but since it was Soni sir's period first thing in the morning, that wasn't an issue. (he usually arrives late) He covered linked lists, and how they can be used to implement stacks and queues. This is relevant for my Leetcode work -- I think I'll try my hand at that pesky problem now. 
In economics, sir continued with market structures, finishing off Module 2. It'll be hard to study everything for sure.
In the lunch break, I noticed there was a pack of dogs roaming around near the Academic Block, with one of them making quite a lot of noise and snapping at some students. It was pretty scary walking past them. #unique
After lunch break there was TOC where Soni sir continued taking regular expressions. We were let off without OOP class. 
At home, I ate Ragi, a sandwich Amma had made for Deva's lunch, and a banana. I had planned to eat the leftover laddoos, but they've gone bad. I've told Amma not to buy things without asking me.
Since then, I've been upstairs doomscrolling and gooning. 
***
`19:32` I tried my hand at the Leetcode problem of adding two linked lists. For a while, I tried approaching it in two passes, one to create a blank result list and the second to add values. However, that didn't end up working, and I was unfamiliar with handling the pointers in loops. I ended up asking Perplexity for help and cleared up some of my confusion with subsequent prompts. The actual solution is actually pretty elegant and involves using a dummy pointer to simplify the loop. So at least I learnt that new concept along the way, even though my solution wasn't completely original. 
***
`21:54` I ate അവിയൽ and Cerelac for dinner, then finished IIT's Python W12. It was pretty simple, being OOP. I'm going to go to sleep now. Tomorrow morning I should get started with making DSA notes if possible, and in any case I need to study for the series exam.
***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|######    |
`satisfaction|########  |
`sleepquality|#######   |
`   sleeptime|######### |
`       goons|#         |
`  screentime|#####     |

***
next: [[120825-Tue]]