## To do

- [ ] *What should I do today?

***
### Thoughts

I can't seem to find my watch. I need to search for it downstairs. Could I have left it at college yesterday? That seems unlikely. Also, my handshower head is broken.

***
#### Journal

`07:52` My alarm rang at 06:20, but it was so cold that I couldn't physically bring myself to wake up -- I'd think "I should spring right up out of bed" and then faced with the cold, I'd huddle back down for a "few seconds" and get trapped in a loop of half-dream awakenings. Finally, I decided to succumb to using Reels to wake up.
***
`20:18` Dileesh sir took multiplexers in the first period. After that was double TOC where Soni sir made us do several regex problems. After lunch break we had a free period, which was followed by maths -- another problem solving period. We were let off without OOP, which is strange -- why is that teacher letting us off so often? Jerome and I ate at the canteen and I took a bus home. 
I set an Instagram profile picture.
At home, I ate Ragi and some chapati rolls that Amma made. I had to shout at Deva to open the door to wash my clothes.
Afterwards, I spent my time extremely unproductively -- I went down a rabbithole of Linux distros, and still haven't seriously started studying for Maths. Also, I really need to do IIT W10 if I want to keep a good grade for Maths. 
I'll eat mangoes now, try to do IIT Maths W10, sleep around 22:30, and wake up at 06:00.  
***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|####      |
`satisfaction|#####     |
`sleepquality|####      |
`   sleeptime|######### |
`       goons|##        |
`  screentime|######    |

***
next: [[130825-Wed]]