## To do

- [ ] go through DSA tutorial

*** 
### Thoughts

#gooning I think it's wrong to look at my sex drive as the ability to get a boner and jack off, because that leads to the thought process and rationalization of my excessive masturbation by the argument that I simply have a high sex drive, which I definitely don't.
I find, more often than not, that I decide to masturbate before I even get horny, which is not how it should be. I don't think quitting masturbation altogether is healthy, so I should aim for the path of moderation.

#### Journal

`11:46` I got out of bed ~9:00, with Amma shouting at me to come down. I remembered only then that the parents had to go to Engandiyur and i had the IIT exam today. After eating breakfast, I took a shit and lazed around. Still haven't gotten around to looking at Maths for the exam. I replaced the PowerToys arrow keys keybinds with an AutoHotKey script. I couldn't get LAlt to work without crippling all the other Alt shortcuts, so for now I've mapped RAlt as the modifier key.
`20:45` I took an Uber Auto to the exam center to write the exam, and Acche picked me up afterwards. I ordered 4 pizzas -- 2 tikka supremes and 2 pepperonis -- for lunch. It wasn't really worth it to be honest.
I didn't do anything worthwhile afterwards. I played minecraft for a short while with Karan. Aravind hasn't been active for a few days, maybe for him the spark has died out. I didn't even bother trying to manipulate Samved into doing anything; he's too far gone from my sphere of influence for anything I say to matter.
The Amazon Prime Day sale finishes today. I had planned to buy a nice pair of headphones today, but it seems Amma never brought up the topic with Acche. They sent me upstairs angrily to recite the Vishnu Sahasranamam, but by the time I came back down, Amma was fast asleep. I feel sad now. But does it matter? How happier will I be once I get a nice new pair of headphones? I might feel more at peace when the construction noises are droning on outside, and it probably would be more healthy for my ears long-term as opposed to my buds which blast audio directly into my ear canal, but is it worth the 15-20k? The family isn't doing too well money wise. We need to cough up Lakhs of cash to register the villa, and enter Deva for some counselling procedures. This isn't much compared to that, but it does feel very selfish of me, especially after I bought my keyboard only around a month ago. Paradoxically, it also feels guilty of me to wallow in my self-pity, but I suppose there is nothing wrong in being plain old-fashioned *sad*. 

***
next: [[140725-Mon]]