## To do

- [ ] *What should I do today?

***
### Thoughts

*What did I think about today?*

***
#### Journal

`18:51` I woke up at my 06:05 alarm and got to working on Maths, learning four probability derivations. The exam was on the ground floor of the annexe block. Nevin was on his usual bs, frantically doing a derivation that sir specifically said wouldn't be there for the exam. The exam went well. I forgot to bring my earbuds, so I walked slowly over to the canteen with my neck craned over my phone. I was done with my fried rice and left the canteen before 12:00. After lunch, we had OOP and DELD and were let off at 15:00.
At home I had the idea to write a program to convert indented bullet points into visual trees, and noted down some ideas. Amma gave the electrician horribly wrong instructions and he ended up replacing the already functioning yellow light with a white one while leaving the dysfunctional one alone. She put oil on my head and I took a bath. After that I ate 3 karimeens and payasam.
Since then I haven't done much, except plot out the TOC portions. I'll goon now and take another bath.
***
`21:26` I haven't made a bit of progress with TOC. On the other hand, I managed to fuck up my screen protector by trying to clear up a bubble on the bottom left corner -- I got some fibers from the microfiber cloth stuck onto it. I don't think I'll be able to tolerate the large bubble, so I'll probably rip the whole thing off and install the spare some time.
I still haven't found my watch, so it's probably missing. 
***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|##        |
`satisfaction|###       |
`sleepquality|#######   |
`   sleeptime|########  |
`       goons|##        |
`  screentime|########  |

***
next: [[140825-Thu]]