[MGMT -- Little Dark Age (Slowed + Reverb)](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=K3AxYP2G2c8)
***
## To do

- [ ] IIT Maths W6
- [ ] move google home to bedroom
- [ ] fold clothes
- [ ] DSA tutorial!!
- [ ] find a way to catalogue incomplete notes

### Thoughts

One thing I can confirm from my experience this morning is that the willingness to wake up from sleep is more dependent on [[inertia]] than on actual rest. This would explain why it's easier to get up from bed after waking up from an intense dream -- the brain thinks you're already in action and is wondering why you're suddenly in bed. #sleep 
***

> [!quote] #quote
> "Virtue is nothing without the trial of temptation, for there is no conflict without an enemy, no victory without strife."
> ~ St. Leo the Great 

#### Journal

`07:57` I had set my alarm to 5:40, but I overslept by almost 2 hours. 
`21:18` The first hour was DSA, wherein the merge step of merge sort was covered. The next two hours were Economics, where a good chunk of topics related to Demand were taken. After the lunch break, there was TOC where we learned how to construct FSMs given patterns, and then there was OOP which was just some bs. I came home by college bus. 
The towel I use was infested with ants, so they bit me all over.
For lunch, Amma made biriyani rice to eat with the leftover chicken curry from Saturday. It was pretty good.
I spent much of the day downstairs in hopes of convincing my parents to allow me to buy headphones. However, now that Acche has left his credit card at home and allowed me to do with it as I wish, I don't feel like buying an expensive pair of headphones anymore. After all, there is no guarantee that I will find them comfortable, and these days I don't have to endure hours upon hours of construction noise most days either, since I'm at college during peak work hours. The sale finishes today, but I think now buying headphones is the right thing to do. I don't get why I feel indescribably sad about this, when I have much else to do. The best I can hope for is to spring out of bed tomorrow in defiance of the inertial need to stay in bed, and tackle the work I have in front of me.

***
next: [[150725-Tue]]