## To do

- [ ] learn Boolean laws
- [ ] IIT Maths W6
- [ ] move google home to bedroom
- [ ] fold clothes
- [ ] DSA tutorial!!
- [ ] find a way to catalogue incomplete notes

### Thoughts

I didn't masturbate yesterday -- maybe that was why I was sadder than usual; without my hit of dopamine, I must have fallen well below the baseline. I should train myself to go without it to achieve emotional resilience. #gooning 
*** 
I should resume CS50x -- if I start this week, I might be able to get it done by late October, and then start working on Leetcode.

#### Journal

`20:42` My alarm rang at 6:05, but I spent another 30 minutes in bed scrolling reels instead of beating the inertia and getting up immediately. Still, that's better than sleeping in. I spent my time on monkeytype till ~7:50 on monkeytype listening to a very interesting ASOIAF [theory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQU5tk4i1Cs) on the Wall, and then ran through like 5 programming assignments in the next 15 minutes. 
The first period at College was OOP, a snoozefest as usual. The next two hours were TOC, where we tackled DFSAs without patterns. It was a challenging, thought-provoking class. 
It was raining lightly for part of lunch break, but I got out for a walk ~12:30. Afer lunch, we had two hours of DELD which was not boring but not interesting either. That was followed by DSA, wherein Soni sir took the remaining Merge Sort portions and outlined Quick Sort. A fairly vague and unsatisfying class. I went home on the college bus; thankfully it wasn't as crowded as yesterday.
At home I had a splending meal of (actually good) sweet potato, Ragi, കൂർക്ക and two laddoos.
Amma and Deva shouted at each other a lot.
I made made a whatsapp group for the OOP project. I will have to be the leader for this thing.
I did the graded assignment for Python-W6 and gooned, partly out of the ache ;and partly out of want. Then I acquainted myself with Obsidian callouts.
I should really try to blow through some of the DSA tutorial questions sometime, or I'll regret it when it piles up later and I don't remember how to do anything.
Hopefully, tomorrow I'll be able to spring up from bed like it's nothing. I really want to prove to myself that I have the mental and physical fortitude to get out of bed through sheer force of will.

***
next: [[160725-Wed]]