## To do
- [ ] *What should I do today?*
***
### Thoughts
*What did I think about today?*
***
#### Journal
`20:47` I woke up late at 07:30, and stayed in bed till 08:00, after a well-deserved, long sleep. 
At college, we had two hours of Dileesh sir, which was an actually good period. He took asynchronous counters, as part of modeling FSMs, and for once, I was actually able to follow what was going on. I'm getting the hang of flip flops. 
Shajeeb sir didn't take his class, so we had an hour off. I finally started on the DSA record, but I'll have to grind even harder to get it done, since the internal exam is on Thursday. I'll also have to catch up with my IIT work this weekend.
I went to the canteen to eat biriyani and had a mixed fruit juice. On my way back, I unexpectedly ran into Sidharth K Das. #unique I didn't expect to see any more familiar faces in the college, but here I am. He's joined the EEE department after repeating. He asked about Aravind and Pranav. (btw, I still don't know where Pranav is at).
DSA lab was supervised for the most part by (I assume) George sir. He's extremely chill. 
On my way back home from the CSE department, my sandals' strap broke. A shame, since I've only owned them for a month or so. I'll have to get that fixed.
As I kept walking, I saw Anirudh drive by on a scooter with his (I assume) girlfriend.
At home, I was a bit too annoying to Amma, and she started making a fuss, so I went upstairs.
I spent ₹39 on CR on the old account, and leveled up my logbait cards. I'm sure I'll overtake the 2.6 account in no time, at this rate.
***
##### Metrics
`|⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀scale|1234567890|
`|⠀⠀⠀happiness|######### |
`|satisfaction|######    |
`|sleepquality|#######   |
`|⠀⠀⠀sleeptime|######### |
`|⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀goons|##        |
`|⠀⠀screentime|######### |
***
next: [[171025-Fri]]