## To do
- [ ] *What should I do today?*
***
### Thoughts
*What did I think about today?*
***
#### Journal
`21:00` I woke up some time around 06:30 and wrote 4 or 5 DSA experiments in my rough book. In DSA lab, Soni sir came first thing in the morning and said today was the last day. However, he had a change of heart a few minutes in and said the last date was extended till next week. That means I'll have to do 3 or 4 experiments a day, including rough record, program, and fair record, in order to finish by the deadline.
I used Vi for programming instead of the usual Gedit, and I have to say I feel right at home, aside from a few quirks, and of course, the Esc/Capslock thing.
In the afternoon session, we had OOP and DELD. We were let off at 3:00, and I took an auto home.
I ate Ragi and leftovers from the last few days. 
Around 17:00, Amma insisted on going to Geetha miss' and Maria miss' home successively, so we went. Thankfully we didn't stay too long at either place. #unique 
I've been lazing around at home since then. I haven't eaten anything since coming back -- this might allow me to wake up easier tomorrow morning.
I'll probably look at some Verilog before going to sleep today.
I've installed this app called StayFree, which David and Royce have been using for months. It's also available on Linux. I think I'll use that for the screentime metric.
***
##### Metrics
`|⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀scale|1234567890|
`|⠀⠀⠀happiness|######    |
`|satisfaction|######    |
`|sleepquality|#######   |
`|⠀⠀⠀sleeptime|########  |
`|⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀goons|          |
`|⠀⠀screentime|######    |
***
next: [[180925-Thu]]