## To do

- [ ] *What should I do today?

***
### Thoughts

*What did I think about today?*

***
#### Journal

`16:54` The current went off in the night, waking me up around 04:30. This meant I took almost an hour to get back to sleep after stripping off my clothes. It was quite comfortable though -- maybe I should really consider sleeping naked with the fan at 3. Anyway, the current came back later near 06:00 and I slept on till ~07:00. 
I've used my phone for a whopping 7 hours so far today, which is the equivalent of being constantly on from 10:00 till now. That means I've spent only 3 hours without my phone today. Needless to say, the bulk of my screentime was taken up by CR and Instagram.
Coming to think of it, the times when I didn't use my phone was probably when I was in the Economics online class. Sir started out with module 3's National Income section, but as is usual in those classes, my attention waned a bit after the halfway point and I had a satisfying goon. 
For lunch, I had rice with an omelette, കടച്ചക്ക, and sweet potato. After that I went upstairs to play CR again, then lay in bed listening to the heated arguments of the class WhatsApp group about the chicken pox situation. Some people ended up going to the Principal to petition him to pospone our exams, because Alan and some S5 students have contracted the disease. I'm not sure if it'll go through, so in the meantime I'm studying OOP. I used Deepseek as well as Perplexity to summarise some points, and I'm going through my notebook with that. I'll also note points to revisit in the relevant Obsidian note.

***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|####      |
`satisfaction|###       |
`sleepquality|####      |
`   sleeptime|#######   |
`       goons|##        |
`  screentime|######### |

***
next: [[190825-Tue]]