[Forever | Drake, Kanye West, Lil Wayne, Eminem](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=SAg17X8EQ_Q&si=Yoz1CudDahgkvpLo)
***
## To do
- [ ] *What should I do today?*
***
### Thoughts
*What did I think about today?*
***
#### Journal
`22:13` I woke up around 06:05 to complete my DE record. In the lab, we didn't have much to do, but sir did give some random stuff to spend our time on. We realized that Dileesh sir was being a lot more strict with the correction than the usual lab teacher, so I got my last two experiments signed from her. Still, we have a few extra ones to do, related to Logisim. I think it would be wise to get those written tomorrow or Monday, instead of leaving them for Wednesday, because that won't be coming for the lab exam.
After lab, I discussed with the team on how best to fake the OOP project. Since Royce already made a full clone of the project hosted using Firebase, the demonstration part was easy. The excuse we settled on to avoid directly showing interaction with the database was that I was hosting the site from a computer at home. That ended up working out well, and Nitha miss seemed to like [rawice.live](https://rawice.live/), giving it a Very Good.
At home, I saw Deva for the first time in a week or so. I spent a shit ton of time playing CR.
Suvarna Aunty came unexpectedly in the late evening, bringing the dog Aero. We played with him for a bit. He's very playful, but not nearly as wild as I expected. #unique
***
##### Metrics
`|⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀scale|1234567890|
`|⠀⠀⠀happiness|##########|
`|satisfaction|########  |
`|sleepquality|#######   |
`|⠀⠀⠀sleeptime|########  |
`|⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀goons|##        |
`|⠀⠀screentime|###########|
***
next: [[191025-Sun]]