 **About my hair loss:** I think it's time for me to start taking this hair loss seriously, as it could be a serious concern in the future. I'm losing a fair amount of hair daily, and have been for the past few weeks, which is very unusual for me and straight up didn't use to happen before. 

*** 
I think I should make a template for these daily notes; one section to plan ahead the previous day, and one section for the current day's notes, maybe subsections for random thoughts, the day's events, etc. I could even replace my diary entirely, and maybe this would be easier to keep up with since the process of typing is more convenient and enjoyable than writing with pencil. Are the possible improvements in consistency and accessibility worth the loss of this hallowed medium of pencil and paper? Maybe. I'll try doing this for a while.
*** 
I should make a new folder called thoughts, renaming the current Thoughts folder to Philosophy. This new folder would consist of writeups that reflect ongoing issues to consider and reflect on, instead of what's on my mind at the moment (to be written in daily notes) or ideas that should be left relatively unchanged (to be written in Philosophy). These writeups can have room for constant updation, marked with a date for each entry and separated with `***`.

On the other hand, the [philosophy](philosophy.md) folder should contain writeups that remain more or less constant, and consist of compilations of thoughts mentioned in daily notes, as a kind of Credo or Manifesto of my ideals (words courtesy of ChatGPT), as was my initial intention with the whole writeup thing.
***
***
next: [[210625-Sat]]