# What should I do today?

* ~~Wash clothes~~
* FINISH PYTHON EXERCISE
* Check out Manifold
*** 
# Thoughts


*** 
# Diary

`7:00` Woke up. Used one alarm.
`8:09` It was cold and raining but I'm proud of myself for wrenching myself out of bed before 9:00 for the first time in weeks. I can't believe 3 weeks of the holidays are done already, with barely anything accomplished. At least I got this Obsidian thing straight. I need to do the Python w3 stuff today, but I don't feel like it right now.
`13:40` As usual, I didn't do anything productive in the morning. I ate idli and later on some cold vadas. Spent the rest of the time watching youtube, on monkeytype, and playing Elden Ring. I completed Gurranq's questline. I think I should work out a bit now. After lunch, I need to work on the Python stuff, and sometime today, I'll check out Manifold. Oh, and I'll wash my clothes first.
`20:48` I didn't end up doing Python *or* watching a Manifold video, but I'm still not on horrible pace. At least today I managed to get out of bed in time and do some actual thinking. If only I had come to the realization two weeks ago.
What if this is a [spark](sparks.md), kindling for my new era? It's too early to be sure, and I don't want to be disappointed, but after all,

> [!quote] #quote
> it's the grind that makes the grindset, not the grindset that makes the grind. 

w4 content has released, so I need to finish w3 asap before moving on to that. And ofc, I need to get something else figured out for DSA.
***
# To do

* Migrate daily notes to another folder, along with the template.
* Somehow resolve the conflict between Daily Notes and Homepage plugins.

***
next: [[220625-Sun]]