## To do

- [ ] Finish Python exercise
- [x] Check out Manifold video
- [ ] Get something figured out for DSA (create a Thought)
- [ ] Work on the minecraft server
- [x] contact Wogle ppl about classroom 

*** 
### Thoughts

Merging `To do` and `What should I do today?` could streamline my daily notes.
I've backpedaled on the idea of using the template to make a persistent todo list because
1. I have todolist already
2. For planning out the next day's activities, it might be better for me to actively consider my choices instead carrying on tasks automatically to the next day.
*** 
#### Journal

`9:07` I had set my alarm for 7:40, but ended up lying in bed looking at my phone for 30 or so minutes before getting up at 8:30 -- not ideal. Now I'm sitting in my room thinking of what to do, with a youtube video playing in the background (again, not ideal). It's raining but yeah, I should put my clothes outside. Then I'll do one of the Python exercises before eating at 10:00.
`12:37` 3 hours and 30 minutes later, still didn't do much. Finished reading Fire and Blood; got a new typing pb of 148wpm on timed. I'll do Python right now istg.
`13:06` I did one Python exercise, but it says `Oops! Something went wrong` when I try to test run. I'll try later after my bath, but if it doesn't work then, I'll just submit and move on to the next one.
`18:16` Regrettably, I haven't made any progress at all. We ordered food from Josettan's cinema company -- chicken fried rice, dragon chicken chilly chicken, all at a 50% discount. I get why they are discounting it though, it's very mid.
I realized why I'm not able to test run -- my stupid ass used while loops the whole time when we were told specifically to use for loops. I feel genuinely dyslexic with this one. I think I'll do some maths instead, burnt out from Python.
`18:23` I know this is not good practice, but I feel really tired for some reason (probably because of how much my fat ass ate). So I'll play Elden Ring, watch Andor and call it a day, and look at Maths tomorrow.
`20:30` Guess what, another day of not doing much. I looked a bit at the Manifold stuff, not the videos but like the courses. I also split the S3 syllabus pdf and got that organized.
Merged the `To do` and `What should I do today?` sections to accomodate the new colorset for headings I made.
***


***
next: [[230625-Mon]]