## To do

- [ ] IIT Maths w3
- [ ] Watch a Manifold video
- [x] Work on the Minecraft server
- [x] Make a list of qns to ask that senior about GATE

*** 
### Thoughts

#quote 

> [!quote] #quote
> You could never convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising him limitless bananas after daeth in monkey heaven.
> ~ Yuval Noah Harari, Sapiens

*** 
#### Journal

`21:12` Sadly, today was mostly unproductive. I didn't do any work on IIT, and certainly didn't do any journaling till now.
I jerked off 4 times today, the highest in a while. I did it mostly out of depression -- I felt more down than usual till the evening, but I'll get to that.
Deva went to PC Thomas classes for the first time today, and Amma and I made her sandwiches to send for lunch. Didn't have eggs, so used mayonnaise, some spices and a weird expired salad dressing I've never used before to make some slop as filling.
I ate rice with chicken cutlets for lunch.
In Elden Ring, I fought Loretta, who was pretty hard till I put on Lord's divine fortification, whose magic damage negation completely trivialises her. I moved on to Elphael where I took an alternate path to the second site of grace, going through the revenant-infested bottom of the brace to get to the other side. 
The main bit of progress I made today is with Minecraft. I finally felt like working on the server (not a good time, since the holidays are almost over, but still) and gave up on port forwarding, instead using [playit.gg](https://www.playit.gg) to tunnel. It works pretty good and there's a server in Bengaluru, so the ping is pretty good -- around a consistent 60 or so. I also got Aravind to join and confirm it works good. Now I gotta set it up completely tomorrow and get the guys to join.
Amma made us french fries, which was very good. I used the leftover slop as sauce.
I've started rereading A Song of Ice and Fire. 

***
***
next: [[240625-Tue]]