## To do

- [ ] START WRITING DELD RECORD!!!
- [ ] take clothes inside and fold them
- [ ] make plans to resume CS50x 
- [ ] buy screen protector, wrist rest 

### Thoughts

*What did I think about today?*

#### Journal

`22:03` I had set my alarm to `07:03`, and I ended up getting out of bed ~`07:30`. I noticed that there were ants all over the towel I use to wipe my head. The best way to avoid this would be to separate my head towel and body towels entirely. I'm not sure if I have enough room on the stand for that though. If I hang them properly, there should be just about enough space. I think I'll do that. 
At college, the morning session was DSA lab. I hadn't written anything for the record beforehand, but that was alright, since Soni sir didn't take a strict role in the whole process. I got 4 experiments done, but it took a long while for the sir who was handling the lab to get around to sign the rough record for everyone, so I had to stay in the lab till ~`12:30`. Once I got back in class and had my lunch, I learned from Aakash that the fair records were all out of stock. The last two periods were DELD and OOP -- Wednesday and Monday truly have the most cursed schedules. 
I went with some of the guys first to the cooperative society store and then to myshop, in search of fair records, but neither place had them. Thankfully, Adal let us know later that Dileesh sir postponed the submission date of the record to the next lab, which for us could be either Wednesday or Thursday -- I'll have to check on that tomorrow.
Once home, I ate sweet potato, payasam, and chicken cutlets -- a delicious spread. 
To my horror, we realized that the submission date for the [OOP proposal](obsidian://open?vault=Obsidian%20Sync&file=notes%2FS3%2Fassignments%2Fcourse_registration%2Fproposal) was 18th. A consequence of my lethargy in preparing [assignments] led to this shameful lapse of responsibility for which we might end up losing 5 marks. I got that done and submitted it, and now it's up to the kindness of our teacher's heart.
I redeemed the free 12 months Perplexity Pro offer courtesy of Airtel and used it for the aforementioned proposal -- it's pretty good, and I might end up using it in the place of ChatGPT. 
***
next: [[240725-Thu]]