## To do

- [ ] *What should I do today?

***
### Thoughts

*What did I think about today?*

***
#### Journal

`12:59` I woke up around 10:00 after an almost 12-hour sleep, well rested. I had idly and tea cake for breakfast, and lazed around not doing much, and playing a bit of CR. My SSD arrived, and I got to work trying to dual boot. I disassembled my laptop, removed my old SSD and put the new one in -- I'm going with a method that installs the bootloader on the new drive, instead of putting it along with the current one. This means that I have to dual boot via the BIOS menu instead of GRUB, but is supposedly more reliable, as it means Windows won't interfere with the bootloader on updates.
Anyway, when I booted into the Fedora live environment, I discovered the new SSD wasn't being displayed as an option to install. So I went around looking for a manual for the SSD, and looked online for issues of the drive not being displayed. I tried some of the software solutions which involved the `lsblk` command to list drives, but that didn't work. The BIOS didn't register it either, so I inserted my Windows SSD to see if I could format the new one somehow using the Windows drive formatting tool. To my horror, the BIOS didn't recognize the Windows SSD. I went into panic mode, scared I had messed something up, but thankfully decided to watch the YouTube [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=op_UAnn4SOc) on disassembling a laptop. A god tier commenter pointed out that the most important part was inserting the SSD 45 degrees -- and then it clicked. 
When I inserted the SSD before, I had noted it was a bit iffy to put the screw on, and it seemed weirdly tight. It turns out that was because I hadn't inserted it completely in. 
From there it was smooth sailing, and I got Fedora installed. (Note to self -- the boot menu key is `Esc`) I configured it a bit, adding a shortcut to bring up the desktop, and attempting and failing to set up a shortcut to open the terminal -- I'll have to look into that later. 
Another thing to set up will be my script to remap arrow keys.
***
`14:53` I did some more work setting up Fedora, syncing Firefox and looking into alternatives for AutoHotKey on Linux. Turns out the Wayland protocol/architecture doesn't support the most popular alternative which is Autokey, so I'll have to look into ydotool.
Most importantly, I tried setting up Obsidian with Gnome's "online accounts" Google Drive integration, but the folders and files showed up with weird garbled names. I searched a bit and found a forum post that mentioned something about the vault folder needing to be a proper local mount and not a cloud mount, or something like that. There are services like `rsync` that do basically what I'm doing right now on my phone, but I don't want to go through with the hassle of getting another third-party sync app working. Instead, I'll try another [sync solution](sync%20alternatives.md) 

***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|          |
`satisfaction|          |
`sleepquality|          |
`   sleeptime|          |
`       goons|          |
`  screentime|          |

***
next: [[240825-Sun]]