## To do
- [ ] *What should I do today?*
***
### Thoughts
*What did I think about today?*
***
#### Journal
`17:51` First thing in the morning there was DSA lab, and I got my rough record signed till exp 29. I feel guilty for not doing everything on my own though; especially the last two experiments, which I just copied of Sivanandha; I'm not sure it met edge cases either.
It was fantastic weather for walking. I waved hi to Aravind near the Academic block, but didn't stop to talk, as he was in a conversation with someone else.
After lunch break, there was an extremely boring OOP period, followed by Dileesh sir's DELD.
After that, we were held back to decide on the new girl representative -- Vrindha stepped down because of undue criticism on her handling of the Onam celebrations, and Pavithra was chosen as the new rep. This didn't go well with some like Adal, who complained that it was too abrupt, and that Vrindha shouldn't have stepped down in the first place. Archith and Bhagath took the opportunity to argue about some fund collection drama. 
Jerome and I left around 16:35, so I don't know how it all ended.
It was a beautiful walk to the bus stand, even more so because my phone was almost dead, so I couldn't use that to scroll or listen to music. The mild weather and the unusually non-crammed state of the bus made for an enjoyable ride home.
I ate Ragi and multigrain bread with Mayonnaise, but even that was painful with my tongue issue.
***
##### Metrics
`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|          |
`satisfaction|          |
`sleepquality|          |
`   sleeptime|          |
`       goons|          |
`  screentime|          |
***
next: [[250925-Thu]]