## To do

- [x] Install Ferrite Core
- [ ] Organize books!
- [x] Work on the Minecraft server
- [x] FINISH THAT GODDAMN PYTHON EXERCISE!!
- [ ] Watch a Manifold video man, it's not that hard
- [ ] Take clothes from outside
- [ ] Ask wogle guy about classroom

*** 
### Thoughts

*What did I think about today?*

*** 
#### Journal

`6:21` I went to bed last night around `23:20,` and set an alarm for `7:50`. I set the AC to (temp:25, fan:1, time:4hr), which turned out too short, because I woke up prematurely around 5:45 feeling kind of hot. It's weird how it's always hot when I want to go to sleep/don't want to wake up and cold when I want to wake up. My current objective with [sleep_philosophy](sleep_philosophy.md)  is to optimize this temperature weirdness so it's cold when I go to sleep and warm when I wake up. Well, 4 hours turned out to be too short, because I woke up warm after only 6 hours of sleep. I'll try 5 hours tomorrow.
`6:53` Spent 30 minutes reorganizing Obsidian by adding underscores and pruning the graph to remove S2. I'm going to work on that damn Python GrPa now.
`22:22` I got that GrPa done, but now I'm actually pending on Maths w3. Gotta work on that tomorrow, before moving on to w4. 
I got the minecraft server ready and launched it in the afternoon. Aravind joined, as enthusiastically as ever, but Shravan and Karan (who just got back from Mumbai) haven't joined yet. I've chosen a seed having a lake surrounded by a dark oak forest surrounded by a pale garden mountain range. We got the basics sorted out and I made a tuff cock shrine in the centre of the lake. I'm planning to build out from there.

***
***
next: [[260625-Thu]]