## To do

- [ ] *What should I do today?*

### Thoughts
Soni sir set the tutorial deadline for Monday. This means I have to get started with TOC, and watch the recursive thing before doing DSA.

#### Journal

`07:35` I had set my alarm to `05:35` but I woke up ~`05:05`. Instead of getting up there and then while I was relatively warm, I set another alarm for `06:30`. I feel like I did this simply out of the comfort of being in bed. After the second alarm rang, I stayed in bed for another 35 or so minutes, scrolling reels. This I find to be the most appalling habit I've picked up in the past month -- I feel it conditions my brain to crave consumption of content from the moment I open my eyes in the morning.
I had planned to watch a Manifold video, but there's no time for that now. I'll log in on the browser for the first time though, and take a look at what I have to do for Python in W8.
`21:49` At college, we had double DSA, wherein Soni sir lectured us on stacks. Afterward we had the second maths period of the whole semester, covering a bit about random variables that we already knew pretty much. After that there was OOP, which was a little less boring as usual since we are getting into actual OOP concepts now. After the class, Jerome and I went to ask teacher to consider our belated submission for the proposal and thankfully she accepted. I went to the toilet and came back to the class to ask Nevin about the DELD presentation -- thankfully, Dileesh sir was off for lunch so he postponed this thing for Monday or wheenever. I walked across the campus sharing my umbrella with Mridul, and talked with him for the first time this semester. I took an auto home, and at home I was called by Ayush asking if I was interested in joining a hackathon, for which I declined, and by Nevin asking if the college bus would be up on fridays, for which I replied I didn't know.
I ate mango before trying and failing to play mc for a while (my connection was horrible today) and then ate my actual lunch, rice with തിരുത which was pretty bad to be honest. That left me quite hungry for the rest of the day, and I made Acche make popcorn and ate two servings of അവിയൽ later.
I spent most of my free time masturbating.
Later, I decided to finally get around to folding my clothes in preparation for changing my sheets tomorrow morning. #time When I was cleaning up my spare bed, I noticed my calendar lying there was still on March/April. It's crazy that I haven't changed it in literally 4 months.

***
next: [[260725-Sat]]