## To do

- [ ] Introspect about how I spent my time these holidays, make a note about that in Thoughts.
- [ ] Organize books.
- [ ] Watch a Manifold video, and ask Jerome about whether he's registering.
- [x] Sort out date formats before i write too many daily notes to manually change the format of legacy notes.

*** 
### Thoughts


> [!quote] #quote
> The great breakthrough in your life comes when you realize that you can learn anything you need to learn to accomplish any goal that you set for yourself.
> ~ Kevin Horsley, Unlimited Memory


*** 
#### Journal

`20:03` I'm deeply ashamed and unsatisfied at how I've spent the last few days.
I woke up late as per usual around 9:00 or so, and I don't even remember what I did in the morning to be honest. I had my breakfast and started up the minecraft server, but my internet connection was so awful that I couldn't play at all. I got spoiled the ending of Squid Game S3 a DAY after the release, and glumly sat to watching it, only to be faced with an endless torrent of English dubs that made my skin crawl, and a sad assortment of 360p Korean subs, before resorting to some random low profile [site](https://bstsrs.in/index.php) I found on [FMHY](https://fmhy.net/). I watched the first two episodes, it's pretty good but nothing incredibly striking.
Amma made some pulao type rice for Deva to take for lunch, and I ordered some Chilli Gobi for the rest of us to eat it with at home. Amma was on edge the whole day, and I got her angry two or three times today. I hope she forgives me for being so cold and careless unlike my usual self.
I tried to join the mc server a while ago, and the internet is still too trash for that.

***
***
next: [[290625-Sun]]