## To do

- [ ] DELD homework
- [ ] DELD record
- [ ] Python GrPAs
- [x] access specifiers

### Thoughts

I have a week or two without IIT exams. I should use it to complete the economics project.

#### Journal

`19:54` I woke up at the 5:57 alarm, and sprang out bed before the 6:00 alarm to finish the TOC and DSA tutorial. I got that stuff done by 8:00. First period was DSA, where the Goat Soni sir covered postfix operators. After that was double economics, in which we learned about the law of diminishing returns, returns to scale, and the Cobb-Douglas production function, and started out module 2 with the cost of production. I checked the store at the start and end of lunch break for the fair record, but it hadn't been restocked yet. #unique Some guy asked me where the toilet was when I was walking near the front of the college; I hope he found it. Archith got me to register for the IEEE Web3 workshop to be held on the next three days; I'll have to see about that. 
The weather today was strangely rainless.
After lunch, we had a single period of TOC, covering the table filling algorithm in detail and priming us on NFAs. The second-last hour was free, and my DELD group went to present our project to Dileesh sir. After that was OOP, even more boring than usual, because of my lack of sleep. After dispersal, I went to the store to by my fair records and ended up missing the bus because of that. I coincidentally met Jerome near the Physics lab and we walked together talking about life.
I've gooned a hot sticky load since coming back home. I haven't gotten anything else done. The work I have to do is:
* Python GrPAs (I'll do that now)
* Maths W9 (I'll do that tomorrow and the day after)
* DELD homework (probably tomorrow morning, since I don't feel like doing that now)
* DELD record (again, tomorrow or the day after)

***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|####      |
`satisfaction|#####     |
`       sleep|####      |
`       goons|#         |

***
next: [[290725-Tue]]