## To do

- [x] Import YouTube enhancer settings

***
### Thoughts

I'm having trouble with using Vim motions for Obsidian, as it's a lot of friction for me at the moment, but I think it'll pay out in the long run.

***
#### Journal

`16:34` I got out of bed around 08:30 and didn't do much, as usual. ( :( ) In CR, I tried out a hog cycle deck, but eventually abandoned it, as I'm simply not good enough, and my ice golem (and half the other cards) are woefully underleveled. 
Royce and I discussed in the OOP group for a while; coming to the conclusion that we would implement the project as a web app, using Java for the backend and SQLite (or similar) for a database, using JDBC as a connector.
I've had muscle pain in my right upper back the whole day, maybe because of my screentime habits. This was recently compounded by neck pain from gooning.
***
`22:40` I deeply regret the way I've been spending the past few days -- I only have a little more than a week of holidays, and I am newly determined to make the most out of them. At the very least, I need to prepare well for the IIT end-term exam, and that means studying maths. 
I spent way too much time on CR today, trying and failing to get good at hog cycle. Well, Rome wasn't built in a day. I do wonder if I should quit the game before I get too invested though.
I watched the last two episodes of HOTD's first season -- they were pretty good, all things considered, especially the ending of e10 at Storm's End.

***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|######    |
`satisfaction|###       |
`sleepquality|#######   |
`   sleeptime|######### |
`       goons|#         |
`  screentime|######### |

***
next: [[290825-Fri]]