## To do
- [ ] *What should I do today?*
***
### Thoughts
*What did I think about today?*
***
#### Journal
`18:30` I woke up around 05:00 to get ready for the trip to Salem. I ate a few arrowroot biscuits in anticipation of vomiting issues, and that turned out to be a good call, since I started getting nauseous an hour in. Thankfully, the use of earbuds helped out a lot, as music seems to distract from the psychological aspect of nausea.
We stopped at the breakfast place adjacent Junior Kuppana's at Walayar and I ate vadas from there. The trip forward to Salem was bleak and utterly hot. The terrain is extremely flat, with a few hills every now and then. The highlight was crossing the great river Kaveri.
We checked into Radisson Blu around 14:00. I have to say, the experience didn't disappoint. I remember first reading about this chain of hotels as a child, and wondering if I would ever go to one. Anyway, apparently the booking wasn't that expensive.
When we got to the restaurant, I realized they must be making most of their money from here. While the rest of the family ordered a la carte, I opted to eat from the buffet, which again, was a very good call. The food was absolutely SCRUMPTIOUS. I had Kada Biriyani with some amazing honey-glazed chicken lollipops, some kind of prawns preparation, and Tangdi Kebab. For dessert, I had an orange swiss roll, a slice of cake, a weird mango/coconut thing, and two of the best froyos I have ever had. (tbf, I haven't eaten froyos before so ig that doesn't count). #unique
***
##### Metrics
`|⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀scale|1234567890|
`|⠀⠀⠀happiness|          |
`|satisfaction|          |
`|sleepquality|          |
`|⠀⠀⠀sleeptime|          |
`|⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀goons|          |
`|⠀⠀screentime|          |
***
next: [[290925-Mon]]