## To do

- [ ] *What should I do today?*

*** 
### Thoughts

*What did I think about today?*

*** 
#### Journal

`12:33` I installed this thing called [shizuku](shizuku.md) on my phone to help bypass root access and install some utilities. I'll take down further information in the Shizuku note.
`23:50` I couldn't bring myself to do any work today. I watched Achhe change the gas cylinder in the morning for Amma to make my breakfast. I read AGOT while eating breakfast, as I'm in the process of rereading the series. Not sure how it'll be affected by my purchase of A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms. I also bought the Silmarillion along with that, since the paperback copy is actually reasonably priced (I don't know if it's less content than the hardcover, but I bought it anyway on a whim).
I installed this Shizuku utility on my phone that displays how many short-form videos I've scrolled through in the day so far. It's not perfect, but gets the job done in causing some visual resistance and cognitive activation while scrolling. I also installed a Shizuku widget app that adds a Coffee widget, and some other stuff, so I reorganized my home screen a bit.
For lunch , I ordered a Zinger Gold, Fries and Chicken Popcorn each for Deva and I, at 50% off. It was definitely worth it, as it was actually cheaper than what we normally get for lunch while being delicious. The burger in particular was very good, with pickles and lots of sauce. Afterwards, I watched Squid Game Episode 4 -- a pretty tense episode that dispelled a false-flag spoiler I had seen on reels yesterday.
I discussed with my parents at length about the viability of pursuing a minor degree. The time investment doesn't seem unreasonable at first, with 4/5 hours per week for the semester-specific course, but I think it could be hard to keep up when I have normal college, GATE coaching, and IIT work all at once. Moreover, it might dilute the mental bandwidth I have and prevent me from excelling in any one aspect.
I looked into the registration a bit more. Shobin, Jerin, Archith and Mridul are registering for it. I think registration will be closed by tomorrow, but I'm not sure. It's like an option registration determined by SGPA of S1, so I think I have pretty good chances of getting my first preference, but the question is whether to join at all.
I played Minecraft with Aravind and Karan, beating the game and exploring the End islands, which was pretty fun. Sad Shravan couldn't join us, and that fucker Samved called while my bedtime mode was active so I didn't pick up..
***
***
next: [[300625-Mon]]