## To do

- [ ] LEARN REACT

***
### Thoughts

*What did I think about today?*

***
#### Journal

`08:12` Alarm rang at 06:00, scrolled for 30 minutes before getting up. Kept scrolling till ~07:30, and watched a video on digital logic. 
`12:13` At college, we had 1.5 periods of OOP, which Jerome and I spent trying to do some DELD homework (I forgot to bring my book). There isn't class till 14:00, so I took a bus home. 
`21:13` I took an auto all the way to the department from home at 13:45. Dileesh sir didn't come till ~14:10, and took class for just over an hour. Jerome and I talked a lot about choices and hedging. We walked to the canteen and I ate 2 chicken cutlets. We were joined shortly by Ayush, Bhagath and Archith. After Jerome left, I sat with them and ate a choco bar. Then we walked over to ECE for the program. It was pretty good.
I waited a while at the bus stand, then took an auto home ~18:45. Since it's summer in the northern hemisphere, it takes longer for the sun to set, so it was still light outside at the time. Once home, I took a bath and ate 4 whole large Elite chicken puffs with milk. After that, I went upstairs and started up monkeytype while listening to asoiaf theories; when I got tired of typing I launched Minecraft 1.7.10 and went on MMC to try my hand at top fight, I'm pretty decent I'd say.
I think I'll write the rough record for tomorrow and do the fair record tomorrow morning.
***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|#######   |
`satisfaction|########  |
`       sleep|######    |
`       goons|#         |

***
next: [[300725-Wed]]