## To do

- [ ] *What should I do today?

***
### Thoughts

I came to the realization that I've been willingly wasting my time on holiday. What I mean by this is that I throw away my time, knowing there are better uses for it, and ignore any alternative. While I don't think it's reasonable to stay away from Instagram for good, I feel Reels and holidays do not mix well, so I've uninstalled the app for now.
I also resolve to play CR only to get the daily 4 lucky drops, since the diminishing returns after that point are insane anyway.
***
I've been thinking about my LLMs lately. I've grown dependent on Perplexity, and will likely use my IIT credentials to redeem the student offer for Pro, once my Airtel offer runs out. What do I do after that?
Maybe I can hope for technology to have advanced enough by then to run a satisfactory self-hosted LLM.

***
#### Journal

`12:04` I woke up first at my 07:15 alarm, but set another alarm to 08:45 and went back to sleep. On getting up then, I spent a whopping hour on reels, and continued to doomscroll well after my breakfast, before snapping out of it a few minutes ago. 
***
`13:52` I watched Neetcode's video on learning how to Leetcode, and came to the conclusion that I won't pay for the Neetcode subscription (which is ridiculously overpriced), but I'll chip away at the Neetcode 150 problems list, day by day. I'll use LLMs to analyze complexity and provide insight along the way, so I don't have to rely on a subscription. 
***
`20:05` I discussed with the team about the OOP project, and created a Github repo for it.
***
`23:12` Trimmed my pubic hair in the dim light, blind.

***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|###       |
`satisfaction|#######   |
`sleepquality|#####     |
`   sleeptime|########  |
`       goons|          |
`  screentime|#####     |

***
next: [[300825-Sat]]