## To do

- [x] Daily note navbar seems to be working with DDMMYY-ddd. I have to rename all those previous files now.
- [ ] Introspect about how I spent my time these holidays, make a note about that in Thoughts.
- [ ] Organize books.

*** 
### Thoughts

#time Half of 2025 has gone by already. I should evaluate progress on my goals soon.

#quote 

> [!quote]
> The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.
> ~ Henry David Thoreau, Walden

#quote

> [!quote]
> We are not horses. 
> We are humans.
> Humans are.. .
> ~ Seong Gi-Hun, Squid Game S4E6

*** 
#### Journal

`21:45` I got up from bed around 9:00 and had breakfast. Truth be told, I don't really remember how I spent the morning. The parents were poring over some documents so I had a look at their old SSLC certificates. Amma put oil on my head, I ruminated a bit about my [[selfcare]] and decided I need to cut my hair this Sunday. 
I played Minecraft with Aravind, working on organization and maxing out my armor. I think I should keep this server going indefinitely. 
I finished watching Squid Game in the evening. It was a reasonably well-crafted conclusion(?) to the series; the emotional impact of Gi-Hun's sacrifice was lessened by that fuckass spoiler I saw on Reels the other day which, while not really what I expected, still revealed the main character's death -- one of the worst kinds of spoilers imaginable. 
I'm going to sleep now, and planning to wake up around 6:00 to do some IIT maths work before going to college for the start of S3.

***
***
next: [[010725-Tue]]