## To do

- [ ] *What should I do today?

***
### Thoughts

*What did I think about today?*

***
#### Journal

`19:07` I woke up at the 06:00 alarm, and didn't do much till ~06:40, when I realized I had a rough and fair experiment to write down. I got that done by ~08:15 and went to college. I also joined the Wogle Tech classroom. Turns out I had gotten the link in my mail two weeks ago.
The morning session was entirely DE/LD lab, which is definitely the most stressful and difficult subject. Jiyad and I tried 3 different testing kits which all had damaged breadboards, before piggybacking on Sabeel who is actually good at circuits. We had to verify associativity, distributivity and De Morgan's laws, and also do a spot question. I think it's a good idea to use a separate breadboard to start out with, since those seem to be more reliable. Dileesh sir did a viva for everyone, and I embarrased myself by not being able to write the SOP form given a truth table. However, Dileesh sir kindly explained the logic behind how these forms come to be when I asked him about it. I think he's a much better explainer one-to-one rather than a lecturer, which makes sense given his "pointer" approach.
I hadn't brought my water bottle, so I had Rappaichettan bring it to college for me. For lunch, I had fried rice from the canteen. I don't think it's worth it for ₹60, but it is a welcome break from biriyani. 
After lunch, there was OOP in which the teacher called Jerome and I out for talking in class. We were talking about the subject at hand, but I suppose it is fair enough that we shouldn't disturb the teacher when she is trying to take the lesson for the whole class. After that was DELD, a continuation of Karnaugh maps.
After I heard the workshop for today was postponed to 16:40, I didn't feel like going anymore. My options were to stick around for 2 hours, or go home and come back. I chose neither and went straight home. 
I ate Ragi, ചെമ്മീൻ and Cerelac at home, and went on to scroll Instagram mindlessly downstairs till I snapped out of it an hour and a half ago. Once upstairs, I gooned.

***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|####      |
`satisfaction|######    |
`       sleep|#######   |
`       goons|#         |

***
next: [[310725-Thu]]