[Glass Animals -- Take A Slice](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=9DySfgEj1hY)
***
## To do

- [ ] Start DSA Obsidian notes

***
### Thoughts

*What did I think about today?*

***
#### Journal

`07:06` I had a good sleep, at the perfect temperature, but I woke prematurely ~04:30 which meant I was half-asleep till my alarm rung. Paradoxically, I felt like going back to sleep more after the alarm rung than the one-and-a-half hours I spent lolling around. Perhaps I should change my alarm tone. Anyway, I got myself out of bed ~06:20 and went about my morning ritual while looking at my phone. (I should eliminate this behaviour as soon as possible.) 
`20:25` At college, the first two hours were Dileesh sir's DE/LD, where we covered adder and subtractor circuits. Adder was fun and rather intuitive, and I managed to derive the full-adder from half-adder circuit all by myself, which I'm very proud of myself for figuring out. Subtractor turned out to be a bit harder, and I'll have to try to figure out the intuition for that myself or refer to Manifold videos. I vented a bit to Jerome about my relationship with Samved, which felt really weird but it's good I got that off my chest.
After that was maths, which was easy since I already know some of the portions from IIT Statistics. 
In lunch break, I walked till the junction and then back to the department. I think the admission process for the next year has started, because the SFI has started putting up their communist propaganda. I ran into Aravind on the way back to the department. 
After lunch was DSA lab, where I got 4 experiments (the sorting programs) done. The lab sir got some TAs in to sign our rough records, which works so much better than the old system. Anyway, I'm nowhere near confident enough in sorting algorithms for the exam, so I really need to get started making DSA notes.
At home, Amma made some banger fried rice and cauliflower. After that I went upstairs, before coming back down and lying with Amma in the dark for a while. Since then I've been upstairs gooning and then just sitting here, checking out the Manifold DELD videos to try to make sense of the subtractor circuit.

***
##### Metrics

`       scale|1234567890|
`   happiness|########  |
`satisfaction|####      |
`       sleep|########  |
`       goons|#         |
`  screentime|######    | 

***
next: [[010825-Fri]]