https://www.ted.com/talks/sajan_saini_how_do_self_driving_cars_see


I chose to write a summary on this short informational TEDed video on the technology behind self-driving cars' vision, as one of the solutions to the aforementioned problem. The narrator Sajan Saini explains how LIDAR and integrated photonics technology help to make self-driving cars a reality.

The video starts off by presenting a vivid scenario of a self-driving car winding down a narrow country road, when suddenly, it encounters multiple obstacles. How would the car detect the size, shape and position of the obstacles so that its control algorithms can calculate the best course? The narrator goes on to explain that the vision of self-driving cars is resolved by the integration of two technologies, namely LiDAR (Light Detection and Ranging) and Integrated Photonics.

LiDAR is similar to the familiar technology of RADAR, where radio or microwaves are fired and the time taken for the beam to return is measured. However, this old system uses beams that are too wide for detailed image resolution. LiDAR uses narrower infrared lasers, which can measure details in the millimetre range. The video presents an example of how detailed profiles of obstacles can be rendered by sending many pulses of light onto the object and measuring their reflection. It continues to detail the physical concept behind this, with the concept of the Mach-Zehnder modulator, a device which uses electromagnetic interference to precisely time the pulses. By pairing this modulator with photodetectors, the system can make out fine details.

Older LiDAR detectors relied on complex spinning assemblies placed on the roof of cars. However, future advancements aim to shrink the size of these detectors so they can be placed more optimally inside the headlights.