One thing I've found myself doing a lot over the past half-year is feeling the unconscious need to constantly stimulate myself in some way or the other while going about the day's activities, especially by having something play on my phone as I'm doing something else. This is something I used to despise in people, yet I find myself doing the same thing now; when I go to the kitchen to refill my bottle and have my phone in my left hand scrolling reels while I do so, when I feel the need to have music playing in the bathroom whenever I could use a quiet moment, and worst of all, a habit I'd never thought I'd develop, using my phone when I'm defecating. 

The reason these activities are so harmful is that they rob us of the little moments we have to ourselves. These *interstitial moments* are to be valued, since they put the more interesting events of the day in context, and serve as breaks to the brain to process what has happened and what must be done in the day so far, without working in the foreground and consuming too much energy. Without these moments, the day seems to whip by and I'm in bed seemingly moments after I woke up, simply because I haven't had time to take in the passage of time itself.
One thing to note about these moments is that it's not about consciously thinking and planning while doing something else, but simply refraining from overstimulation by focusing on the less cognitively demanding task, so that the brain flushes out its memory and gives the recently worked areas some rest.

A closely related concept, which I will write about at some point , is that of the [[importance of being bored]](philosophy/boredom
). If I keep overstimulating myself with shallow means of entertainment, I will never feel bored and hence will not benefit from boredom.

One of the most concerning ways I've found myself partaking in {shallow entertainment} is scrolling reels in the morning, right after I leave my room, while I'm heating and filling my water bottle, one of the {rituals} I've kept up for two years or so by now. I've thought before that what I do in the morning {sets the tone} for the rest of the day, and giving the bulk of my attention to a small device while it's the quietest moment of the day goes completely against the idea of relishing such quiet moments.