Does [[living_algorithmically]], i.e. with a set routine, detract from free will? I found myself thinking this as I lay down to rest my eyes and almost felt like sleeping. As I'll write about at sometime, I value a consistent {sleep schedule}. I hate even the idea of sleeping during the day, and haven't slept during the day myself in years. However, when I was lying still and comfy in bed, I found myself wondering if the rules we set ourselves limit our free will. That is to say, what is there to stop me from going to sleep when I want to, even if it's during the day? The logical answer to that is the rules I've set myself. And if I don't have the autonomy even to go to sleep when I wish, then what autonomy do I have?

There is a romantic notion that humans are creatures with free will, but many have argued that free will doesn't even exist, and that in the long term, our circumstances shape our decisions. I tend to agree with the skeptics of free will on this point, but is it not a bleak and demotivating prospect, not unlike the {nonexistence of higher powers}? 

When humans civilized and set boundaries, social norms, and laws, did it not come at the cost of our free will? Granted, this can be seen as a necessary sacrifice for the {social contract} to work, and it can be rightly argued that the outcome of civilizing is worth the sacrifices made to get to that point.

On further thought, it seems I have another answer to the question I set myself earlier - what is there to stop me from going to sleep when I want to? What stops me from going to sleep is *my free will*. Yes, the very thing I said is broken up by algorithmic living. Isn't it my choice to set these rules for myself, instead of giving in to my primal urges?