Two years ago, when I decided to take my online preparation for the entrance exams seriously, having weaned off my Clash of Clans phase/addiction for a few months, I found myself with no time after coming from school to do any meaningful work before the online classes at 5:30 p.m., and too tired after the classes ended at 8:30 p.m. to engage in any sort of intellectual stimulation. This meant I had to find time to study elsewhere, and so I decided to start {sleeping} and waking up early. My point is, since I couldn't study any time else, it had to be in the morning, so I was forced to occupy the little time I had left studying. In short, I had a *lot of work, but little time.

The situation I faced after completing 12th grade and entrance exams was the exact opposite. Suddenly, I had absolutely nothing to do, so I had plenty of time to do any work I wanted. I don't remember if I had any plans for that time period, but looking back, there really wasn't anything I could've done in that time, except maybe some online course like CS50. I couldn't have started the IITM course, because the May batch would've clashed with KEAM. Still, the lack of work drove me nearly insane. In short, I had *little work, but a lot of time*.

Half an year from then, I find myself somewhere in between. There's *lots of work to do, and also a lot of time to do it*. Conventionally, this situation seems to be great, and theoretically, I should be the most productive and satisfied. And yes, I'm glad to be fortunate enough to live comfortably in my own home and spend my days relaxed, while also engage myself mentally at a college 5 minutes from here. However, with this comfort also comes the potentially to slack off in a major way. I have plenty of things I can think of doing, but instead of being productive as well as enjoying myself with [[Types of activities#^f0629e|meaningful recreation]], I find myself wasting away my hours scrolling. In other words, I can't sit down seriously to work, because I have too much time on my hands.

I think a solution for this is scheduling my recreational or other activities to occupy fixed chunks of time, so I can artificially force a scarcity of workable time.

I meant this file to elaborate on my thoughts on the titular idea, but I've turned it into something of a rant. I'm glad I put down these thoughts I've had for a long time on paper - or machine, though.