## Notes

***
## Journal
`03/03/26` I didn't end up waking up early today either. It seems that for now, I am psychologically averse to the idea of waking up while the sun is still down. I guess I'll start out by waking up around sunrise, before moving on to 5pm.
I really felt the weight of getting fatter today, pun intended. My two tightest shirts no longer fit me, and my belly is quite stout now. 
College was spent semi-distracted. We had OS lab in the evening session. Jerome, Royce, Joseph and I went to Cake Farm to eat afterwards. 
At home, I had ragi and leftover chicken from yesterday.
I didn't study DBMS, though that had been in my plan. I guess tomorrow I'll do Maths, Thursday DBMS, and Friday morning Maths again. 
I watched a bunch of videos of this Chinese professor [Predictive History](https://www.youtube.com/@PredictiveHistory) predicting and commentating on the ongoing Iran war. His points are very insightful, but he also seems to be kind of a Christian conspiracy theorist.
So that's all for today. I'm glad I've started journalling again. Without this, the days just slip by with no control over them. But then again, the thing that makes time slip by fastest is a lack of mindfullness. It is not so much my degenerative or distractive habits that erode my consciousness, but the periodic and relentless context-switching between them that prevents me from thinking. A side-effect or symptom of this aversion to thinking could also be my increased sleep duration.
***
next: [[040326-Wed]]

